fix(Rich Text Editor): Added an option to escape values before Markdown transformation. (#2225)
Frontify/fondue: .changeset/curly-pandas-check.md

---

> "@frontify/fondue": major
> ---
> 
> Rich Text Editor: Added an option to escape values before Markdown transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@frontify/fondue": minor
---

feat(RTE): added an option to escape values before Markdown transformation
```
